on the penultimate day of the
championships things are heating up we
reach the semi-finals on the women's
side encore to Norway are playing
Hungary and here on court one we have
Denmark against the Ukraine Hungary who
less than a week ago celebrated victory
in the under-19 European Championships
beat Italy in the quarterfinals where as
no way to feed his pain both in straight
sets Hungary had the initiative
throughout the first set and won it's
fairly comfortably 1812
but the second set was much tighter and
the result wasn't clear until in the
last few seconds with less than half a
minute to go Bojana Hecate gave hungary
a two-point lead 14 to 12 and in the
dying seconds agnes giri made the
crucial save securing the victory and
the place in the final tomorrow the
goalkeeper is a very very good
goalkeeper and she can the amazing the
things you're going to meet denmark
tomorrow in front of the home crowd how
do you think that's gonna be we waiting
for the final we would like the ring we
would like the play in the center court
with Denmark court one was of course
packed Denmark who beat Russia and the
quarterfinals were spurred on by the
home crowd and the Ukraine who defeated
Turkey in the quarters had an uphill
struggle Denmark won the first set by
four points 20 for 20 and in the second
set there was never any question about
which team was a stronger one then
marked with penniless arrows an
unstoppable wanted by 26 points 215
can't describe it it's a very very good
feeling right now that's important that
we keep focus because we're not done yet
we want to win the goal your goal before
the tournament was reaching the
semi-finals but you've got one step
further now yeah it's a great feat but
we always have the biggest goal in a bag
of
mine to win the goal so we just keep it
a little secret so it's very very good
right there what's it like playing in
front of this audience it's fantastic
they give us so much maybe 20% more so
that's why we can go all the way now